{{confirmation_number}}
Your confirmation code used at Check-in
Status Driver
Scheduled Drive Time {{formatted_drive_time}}
Vehicle {{vehicle}} - {{msrp}}*
*Tax credit (varies in size by vehicle)

As a driver, we want to make sure you have the best Ride and Drive experience possible. In order to do so,
please review the following regarding what to expect during your experience and other fun details we have in
store for you!

TIME COMMITMENT
This is a single driver event that will allow you a one-on-one driving experience guided by your Smart Columbus Product Specialist during a 7 to 10 minute drive on a predetermined route. The whole experience should take approximately 30 minutes. Your experience will start promptly. Please arrive 5 to 10 minutes prior to your designated time in order to ensure an easy check-in process.

THINGS TO BRING
All you need to bring with you is a valid driver's license.

HOW TO GET THERE
The event is located at 170 S Civic Center Dr. Columbus, OH 43215

WHAT TO EXPECT
Start your experience at Registration, located in the main lobby, where you will check in with a Smart Columbus volunteer and be issued your personalized driver badge.

You will be directed to Pre-Drive Education where an event staff member will guide you through a 5 minute session on Smart Columbus and the type of electric vehicles available.


At the end of the short presentation, all drivers will be escorted to meet your Product Specialist outside and get ready to Drive.

The Smart Columbus Product Specialist will show each group around their specific class of cars and demonstrate their unique features. Then it's time to drive!

You will engage in a 7 to 10-minute driving experience on a predetermined route.

Each car will have a Right Seat Driver, who will accompany you on your drive in order to answer questions, help navigate the designated route and get you back safely.

Once you arrive back, you will visit Post-Drive where you will complete a short driver survey and receive your free Smart Columbus swag bag!

After completing your Post-Drive survey, you are free to visit the Non-Driving Experience and continue to learn about how Smart Columbus is transporting our city to the future!

If you have any additional questions before you drive, please reach out to us at rideanddrive@smartcbus.com